fix(card): introduce large card variant (#3793)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Card/examples/Card.md

| `.pf-c-card__expandable-content` | `<div>` | Creates the expandable card's expandable content. |
| `.pf-m-compact` | `.pf-c-card` | Creates a compact variation of the card component that involves smaller font sizes and spacing. This variation is for use on dashboards and where a smaller card is preferred. |
| `.pf-m-large` | `.pf-c-card` | Creates a large variation of the card component that involves larger font sizes and spacing. This variation is for marketing use cases. |
| `.pf-m-no-fill` | `.pf-c-card__body` | Sets a `.pf-c-card__body` to not fill the available space in `.pf-c-card`. `.pf-m-no-fill` can be added to multiple card bodies. |
| `.pf-m-hoverable` | `.pf-c-card` | Modifies the card to include hover styles on `:hover`. |
| `.pf-m-selectable` | `.pf-c-card` | Modifies a selectable card so that it is selectable. |
| `.pf-m-selected` | `.pf-c-card.pf-m-selectable` | Modifies a selectable card for the selected state. |
| `.pf-m-flat` | `.pf-c-card` | Modifies the card to have a border instead of a shadow. `.pf-m-flat` is for use in layouts where cards are against a white background. |

> | `.pf-m-rounded` | `.pf-c-card` | Modifies the card to for the rounded corner. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-rounded` | `.pf-c-card` | Modifies the card to have rounded corners. |
```
